fix noop overwrite image service regression (#8880)
withastro/astro: .changeset/witty-waves-rhyme.md

---
'astro': minor
---

> Removes image service override, in favor to moving that logic into adapters and fix the regression it introduced

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moves the logic for overriding the image service out of core and into adapters.  Also fixes a regression where  a valid `astro:assets` image service configuration could be overridden.
```
Maybe something like this? (I know the other adapter 33 PR has not finalized its changeset wording yet. So, whatever you decide there might affect what you put here.)

> Moves the logic for overriding the image service out of core and into adapters.  Also fixes a regression where  a valid `astro:assets` image service configuration could be overridden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moves the logic for overriding the image service out of core and into adapters. Also fixes a regression where a valid `astro:assets` image service configuration could be overridden.
```

Reviewer: Just a couple of double spaces here!
